README.md, before:

# README file for the TEAM project Simple Shell :busts_in_silhouette: :ledger:

We are Tara and Xavier, students from the campus of Holberton in Fréjus.

## :hammer_and_wrench: Requirements of this project :

Here are some main requirements we need to respect while working on this project together :

### General requirements :

- A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project is mandatory
- Your code should use the Betty style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl
- Your shell should not have any memory leaks
- No more than 5 functions per file
- All your header files should be include guarded
- Use system calls only when you need to.
- Only some system calls and functions are allowed.

### About Github :

- There should be one project repository per group.


## :rocket:  How to clone, compile and execute our shell :

### :small_orange_diamond: How to clone this repo ?

If you want to give a try to our project, you are very welcome to clone this repo on your computer, using the command git clone and the link in your terminal.

### :small_orange_diamond: How to  compile ?

You can compile this program using this command :

gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 *.c -o hsh

### :small_orange_diamond: How to execute the program ?

If you want to test our program, you can simply compile and then execute our program with a command like this one :

/bin/ls

### :small_orange_diamond: How to exit the simple shell program :

Once you tested our program you probably will be looking for the command to use in order to quit the program : 

- use control + C

## Exemples (interactive or not) :

### Interactive example :

=> add image here !

### Non interactive example :

=> add image here !

## The Flowchart :

=> add the flowchart here !

## :busts_in_silhouette:  About the authors :

### :woman_technologist: Meet Tara : 

- :blue_square: LinkedIn : [Access to this account](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tara-alexandra-quartero-a34534177/)

### :computer: Meet Xavier :

- :blue_square: LinkedIn : [Access to this account](https://www.linkedin.com/in/xavier-sanchez-b09b71311/)

Commit message:

I am adding some content to the README, including the man page command and emojis

README.md, after:

# README file for the TEAM project Simple Shell :busts_in_silhouette: :ledger:

We are Tara and Xavier, students from the campus of Holberton in Fréjus.

## :hammer_and_wrench: Requirements of this project :

Here are some main requirements we need to respect while working on this project together :

### :star: General requirements :

- A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project is mandatory
- Your code should use the Betty style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl
- Your shell should not have any memory leaks
- No more than 5 functions per file
- All your header files should be include guarded
- Use system calls only when you need to.
- Only some system calls and functions are allowed.

### :star: About Github :

- There should be one project repository per group.


## :rocket:  How to clone, compile and execute our shell :

### :small_orange_diamond: How to clone this repo ?

If you want to give a try to our project, you are very welcome to clone this repo on your computer, using the command git clone and the link in your terminal.

### :small_orange_diamond: How to  compile ?

You can compile this program using this command :

gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 *.c -o hsh

### :small_orange_diamond: How to execute the program ?

If you want to test our program, you can simply compile and then execute our program with a command like this one :

/bin/ls

### :small_orange_diamond: How to exit the simple shell program :

Once you tested our program you probably will be looking for the command to use in order to quit the program : 

- use control + C

## :small_orange_diamond: How to check for memory leaks ? :thinking:

à ajouter

## :small_blue_diamond: How to use the man page of the Simple Shell project ?

In order to read the man page of this project, please use the command below :

man ./man_1_simple_shell


## Exemples (interactive or not) :

### Interactive example :

=> add image here !

### Non interactive example :

=> add image here !

## The Flowchart :

=> add the flowchart here !

## :busts_in_silhouette:  About the authors :

### :woman_technologist: Meet Tara : 

- :blue_square: LinkedIn : [Access to this account](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tara-alexandra-quartero-a34534177/)

### :computer: Meet Xavier :

- :blue_square: LinkedIn : [Access to this account](https://www.linkedin.com/in/xavier-sanchez-b09b71311/)
